# Terms Of Service
These Terms of Service govern your access to and use of Spotify bot’s music streaming services within [Discord](https://discord.gg/AdK4YgPAnQ) and this [Website](https://spotiplay.repl.co/). Please read these Terms of Service ("terms", "terms of service") carefully before using the bot or this website (the "service") operated by Spotify Team ("us", "we", "our").
We reserve all rights to terminate or refuse service to anyone, edit or remove content or, exceptionally, ignore a support request if you do not read this terms. These terms may be changed without any notice.
# General Use Conditions
We will provide their services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use our bots or any of our other services, you accept the following conditions. This is why we urge you to read them carefully.
# Bot Use Conditions
Musibeth uses only a service to stream audio from YouTube and Spotify, which is then streamed to Discord for the end user to listen to. By you requesting audio to be streamed from the service, you accepts that Musibeth will have no liability arising from your use of or access to any third-party content, service or website. The reproduction of any content that is not appropriate or not suitable for users of all ages (e.g. NSFW) cannot be reconnected to the Spotify Team, so by using our bot, you are liable for any damages (such as offenses, discrimination, etc.) to things or people.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Spotify shall not be liable in the following cases: indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages; loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or loss of data, use, good-will, or other intangible losses, resulting from your access to or use of or inability to access or use the bot itself or third party services; conduct or content of any third party on the bot itself, including without limitation, any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third parties or unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content.
# Copyright
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of Musibeth Team and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws. The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of us.
# Communications
The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us a support request or visit our [website](https://spotiplay.repl.co/), you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us. If you subscribe to the news on our [support server](https://discord.gg/AdK4YgPAnQ) (Discord), you are going to receive regular mentions from us. We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our support server or website. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
# Comments, Reviews and Tickets
Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties. Content has to be free of software viruses, political campaign, and commercial solicitation.
We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content. When you post your content, you grant us non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.
# License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written consent from us.
# Applicable Law
By using our services, you agree that the laws of the Italy, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms of service, or any dispute of any sort that might come between us and you, or its business partners and associates.
# Disputes
Any dispute related in any way to your use of our services shall be arbitrated by state or federal court of the Italy and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
